Yunhe Pavilion
Prepare to die
Who is he?
Where did the shrew come from?
Hello
Is that you?
You shouldn't be lying at home with your tail between your legs
How dare you run here to die
I see you are really tired of living
I have only one thing to do today
Is to make you a winner
Disappear from this world
Hahaha what are you laughing at hahaha
Did I hear it right?
Just now I thought it was distributing
There weren't many people arranged
You don't really think
I'm so strong
Ah come on
Son, who is this woman?
It's not the peach blossom village that your father provoked outside, is it?
Mom, how is that possible?
My dad?
How could you possibly look at such a crude woman?
He is just a simple-minded person.
Just a boor with well-developed limbs
Don't worry, I'll solve the problem soon.
It will never delay Dad's celebration
Today is my dad's celebration party
I don't want to embarrass it too much.
I just want his left hand
Understand